I feel a rant coming on this is just me
or is there seemed to be an abundance of
brand new coaches hitting the
marketplace I'm a coach your coach your
mama's a coach yo Dawgs a coach yeah you
nutty everybody is a coach and I am a
coach myself I like people claim to be
coaches that have never seen success
themself this really gets my goat
because just because you call yourself a
coach doesn't mean that you actually
have the results to warn the title
there's like a fly in here so let me
introduce you to some of the coaches and
personalities that I've seen around here
lately oh and make sure that you comment
like or even favorite this video if
you've seen one or two of these
personalities yourself broke funny my
hair looks big today hey y'all it's
broke bet you remember me yeah ever
since I left the corner store got
started in my home based internet
business I'm working on tons of things
thank you so the cattle I got Twitter
accounts I'm even up on the YouTube some
people say I'm a little bit of a YouTube
celebrity I'm going to teach you all the
things that I learned like how to update
your status and have it sweet and
retweets and twat and query so put a
little practice $500 an hour teach you
how to be a real celebrity like
even though I really haven't signed
anybody else into my business yet I
haven't really made any real sales but
you know I'm a little bit of a celebrity
and people know me I don't like 500
friends on Facebook and I'm not like a
fanpage with a hundred fans so I don't
really know what I'm gonna say you guys
really need to hire me as a coach
distracted Diane is on high and I'm a
life transformation coat my hair crooked
I'm really just about helping my
students really get on track with their
life you know total focus on you know
monetary success business success
relationship success and overall just
spiritual enlightenment you know ever
since my divorce six months ago and
really learned a lot about myself I
really feel that I can help you just su
so much a results you know within your
your relationships that you have and you
know all of my past marriages and all my
husband's you know I just learned a lot
in that experience and I feel that I can
help you with that the bankruptcy was
final last year but you know I just I
feel that I can bring you to a place
that you won't make some the same
mistakes that I did
and I'm part christian part-to-part
Buddhist part Islam tour agnostic very
spiritual you know you kind of like the
law of attraction what a car told you we
are the universe and you know I just
believe in be one with your spirituality
with your major and your the major you
know you're yourself and you know it's
just you really just build your own
spiritual miss that
and I feel like I can really help you be
enlightened with that my new Vegas thing
is baking right now I love really baking
but I just like the low fat low carb you
know more raw style baking my new thing
is I really really like skin I really
like anything downhill and anything sass
I really love going onto the thesis I
totally relaxed my newest thing is
really vacations like I love vacations
oh my gosh I just live meet on the beach
and just being totally sedentary it's
for the love of all that is holy in
facebook so let me help you out you want
to become a coach because you want to
help other people right you want to help
people get to their promised land and to
see success in their businesses or their
life first you have to focus in finding
success and achieving results in your
own life first once you have seen the
measurable results in your business and
you feel that you can give people a
duplicatable easy system to follow
you'll be amazed then and the soon just
pour into your lap hey you stop right
there
I just want to have a quick note and a
shout-out to all of my friends and fans
and followers online you guys are truly
amazing and inspirational and the reason
why I do what I do I want to encourage
you guys you guys haven't checked out I
have some new changes and some new
content on my blog that I think you guys
are really gonna laugh so make sure you
check out who is rachel jackson.com and
I'll see you over there